[ spooky music plays ]
Francine: Readyyyyy?
Uh-huuuuuuh.
Hayley:
No peeeeekiiiiiiiing!
Okaaaaa-aaaaaaay.
Steve:
Prommmiiiiiiiise?
Just get the hell on with it
already!
All right,
open your eyes!
Okay, jock, princess,
nerd, stoner.
You're...
The breakfast club?
We're scooby-doo,
ya jackalope!
Steve, did you...
Wax your legs?
No.
I did.
I wanted to be velma.
[ laughter ]
Hey, I can be more than
just a "dumb stoner", you know?
Can you?
No.
No,
I don't think so.
You're a natural born
shaggy, babe.
[ chuckles ]
it's true.
Best to stay
in your lane, bro.
Speaking of...
You're scooby.
Oh, what, 'cause
I'm like your pet?
Screw that!
Why can't roger do it?
Because roger
is in london,
Living out
his lifelong dream
Of playing rumpleteazer
in a west end revival of "cats."
Oh, yeah...
Look, we all have
our roles in the family,
And you two are kind of the...
Comic relief.
C'mon, it's time to go
to danuta's Halloween party.
Wait, wasn't dad
gonna drive us?
Yeah.
Where is dad, anyway?
Did he...
Never come home
from work?
Dad?
Stan?
Dan?
I mean...
Stad?
No answer.
Oh, my god.
It's Halloween night,
and stan is...
M-missing!
[ thunder crashes ]
[ dramatic music plays ]
♪♪
Still no answer
from your dad.
Well, gang, looks like we've got
a mystery on our hands.
This is bullshit.
Pigeonholing us
like this.
We're not just a couple
of bumbling idiots!
Yeah, we're that and more!
That's right.
I am not just a fish
who says "bro".
I'm complex.
I have layers.
Contradictions.
Me too.
I've got that stuff, too!
I have a new yorker
subscription.
Right now, I've got
a stack of new yorkers
In my alcove halfway
to the damn ceiling,
And one of these days
I'm gonna read 'em, too!
No joke!
I'm a certified doula.
Does that mess up your tidy
little idea of who I am?
And I have a surprising amount
of upper body strength!
[ grunts ]
Yeah!
Go! Go! Go!
[ grunts ]
[ groans ]
Hayley: What's all that
racket back there?
It's the sound of us
being unique,
Multi-faceted
individuals!
Yeah!
We're here.
[ brakes squeal ]
wow.
I don't remember
stan's office being quite so...
Terrifying.
[ thunder crashes ]
[ dramatic music plays ]
This place is
totally deserted.
And it looks like everyone
left in a hurry.
Probably scared off
by the monster.
Yeah.
Monster?
That's ridiculous.
Look around,
francine!
This whole situation
is clearly going full scooby.
It's only a matter of time
before we're being chased around
By a wolf man to some
generic '60s pop song.
Well, in "scooby-doo"
the monsters are never real.
Yeah,
but that's a tv show.
This is real life.
♪♪
Monster.
Both: Monster.
Would you two
give it a rest?
There's no monster.
[ gunshot ]
[ all scream ]
Sorry.
I thought you were...
The monster.
Told ya.
♪♪
[ grunts ]
There.
Now...
Can I offer anyone
a topo chico?
Yeah,
I'll take one.
Nice costumes,
by the way.
They made us be
shaggy and scooby
Even though we're
multi-fascinating individuals.
Never mind that.
What is going on around here,
and where is our dad--
I'm not even anything
like shaggy.
Zoinks!
♪♪
This...Holds the answers
to your questions.
It all started with a crisis
of the utmost urgency,
When I,
who I've always thought
Look a helluva lot like
chris hemsworth,
Discovered evidence
that someone...
Was using my private
executive bathroom!
So I,
who in another way
See myself very much
as a jason momoa type,
Tapped my very nearest man,
stan smith,
To get to the bottom
of this fecal feloniousness.
You can imagine
my shock
When he shocked me
with some truly shocking news --
The culprit was
supernatural in nature.
A monstrous ancient demon
known as...
The soul snatcher!
I was all like this.
♪♪
Knowing I'd never
be able to set foot
In my bathroom again until
this threat was eliminated,
I put stan in charge
of a new top secret unit --
Zoincs --
The zoroastrian, occult,
inter-dimensional
And non-rational
creature section.
It's basically
a monster squad.
-Oh, yeah.
-Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Yeah, okay.
Now I don't know why,
but earlier tonight
The soul snatcher
was somehow unleashed,
And went on
a soul-snatching rampage.
That's why
everyone's gone.
That and the building's
being sprayed for termites.
So where's stan?
Probably got his
dang soul snatched.
If I were you, I'd get out
of here while you still can.
Not a chance.
Or, I don't know,
should we just go?
No.
We're not leaving here
without our dad.
Right?
Right.
C'mon gang,
let's go investigate.
I think you look like
humpty dumpty.
[ papers rustling ]
Anyone find
any evidence?
Only that your dad's been
eating taco bell again.
There's literally
nothing in his desk
Besides fast food wrappers
and loose bullets.
Maybe these shady-looking
characters
Had something to do
with it.
Jeff, that's us.
[ keyboard clacking ]
Pay dirt!
What'd you find?
I just won this sick-ass
"jurassic world" shot glass
I've been bidding on
on ebay.
You know what?
Why don't you and jeff
go...
Find a snack
or something?
No way.
We want to help
find mr. S.
Yeah,
this is serious.
Exactly.
And all you guys are gonna do
is get in the way.
You don't know that.
We could surprise you.
Could you?
No.
No, I don't think so.
Maybe we should
split up.
Wow,
so that's it, huh?
Would it be weird for you
if I asked out nerfer?
I meant split up into groups
to search the building.
I knew that!
Fine.
C'mon, pal.
Let's go and...
Find a snack.
I actually am
pretty hungry.
♪♪
But now how the [bleep]
am I supposed to eat it?
We'll show them we're more
than just a pair of boobs.
[ chuckles ]
"pair of boobs."
We're gonna find stan
and solve the mystery of...
What was the monster
called again?
[ dramatic music plays ]
The s-s-s-s-soul
snatcher!
No, it definitely started
with a "chuh" sound.
[ snaps ]
chainsaw charlie.
[ demonic voice ] I've come
to take your souuuulssss!
[ both scream ]
What was that
you just said again?
[ demonic voice ] I've come
to take your souuuulssss!
[ both scream ]
Dang it!
[ normal ] there's not
supposed to be any people
In the building right now.
We're spraying,
for pete's sake.
Why'd you say you were
gonna take our souls?
I was talking to the termites
in the drywall behind you.
I enjoy
taunting them, okay?
Well, we'll get out
of your hair.
Okay.
You guys have yourselves
a fantastic evening.
Now, termites...
[ demonic voice ]
time to send you to helllll!
I don't think I've ever been
in this part of the cia before.
[ suspicious music plays ]
[ whistling, snoring ]
A dead end?
Must be some kind of secret
passageway or something.
Hundred bucks
it's that candle up there.
Why?
It's the only thing
with that thick-ass outline.
[ suspenseful music plays ]
♪♪
What is
this place?
Zoincs headquarters.
These are all the evil artifacts
we've come across
In our hunt
for supernatural monsters
Like, just to name
a few,
The boogeyman,
the booegeywoman,
And the--
wolf man!
[ music stings ]
[ laughs ]
that's not the wolf man!
That's agent wolfman.
He's got that cool
'70s style going,
With the big sideburns.
Thanks.
Topo chico?
Yeah, I'll get
one of those.
What happened
to our dad?
It's too horrible to say.
No, I'll never tell.
Please?
Well, okay.
♪♪
Stan was gung-ho for
gettin' them ghouls and goblins.
But I couldn't help noticing
We hadn't made any progress
on our primary objective.
♪♪
So earlier tonight,
stan held a seance
To summon and apprehend
the soul snatcher.
But then
it all went wrong.
Terribly wrong?
Exactly.
The lights went out,
there was a terrible roar,
And I heard stan's soul
being devoured by that beast!
He was saying things like
"oh, no, my soul,"
And, "it's eating my soul,"
and so forth.
I'm sorry.
But at least we'll be safe
from that soul snatcher in here.
Oh, my god!
There it is!
♪♪
[ roars ]
run!
We're not
getting anywhere!
Speak for yourself!
I'm, ernngh,
makin' some progress!
♪♪
[ grunts ]
[ all panting ]
Sorry, I just mopped.
Mr. S?
Stan?
Soul snatcher?
Chainsaw charlie?
Ugh.
No sign of stan
or the monster anywhere!
And we've looked
in four places now!
Maybe there is
no monster.
Or maybe the monster
is just, like, a metaphor.
Right.
Like, maybe
we're the monster.
Society.
The man in the mirror...
♪♪
[ faucet squeaks,
water running ]
[ water shuts off ]
Thanks.
[ clattering ]
♪♪
[ clanging ]
What's gotten into you, pal?
It's the m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m--
The m-m-m-m-m-m--
mailman?
Rrr, I hate that guy!
I'm sorry. Okay...
What I'm trying
to say is...
[ clears throat ]
Hummina, hummina, hummina.
[ gasps ]
[ "fairy tale girl" playing ]
'scuse us.
♪ once upon a time, girl ♪
♪ you were always
gonna be mine, girl ♪
♪ never dreamed I would
find a girl like you ♪
♪ hey now, fairy tale girl ♪
♪ I know we can still
find the magic again ♪
[ roars ]
♪ hey now, fairy tale girl ♪
Like, I've heard of
a floor-stop,
But a floor-drop?
You've heard of
a "floor-stop"?
♪ ba-da ♪
♪ ba, ba-ba-da, ba, ba-ba-da ♪
[ music stops ]
Snatcher!
You're late again!
I need 200 copies
of the henderson file, asap!
We gotta fedex 27 to boston,
32 to austin,
63 to stone cold steve austin...
And 116
to the band boston.
Both: Now get to work!
Mwah!
Hmm.
[ squeak, squeak ]
[ piano trills ]
[ roars ]
[ frantic music plays ]
Why do they have
so many identical paintings?
We buy them in bulk
at world market!
[ groans ]
Jeff!
Lead it this way!
We set a trap!
♪♪
[ roars ]
[ shouting ]
[ screams ]
[ squeak, music trills ]
Time to reveal
who this so-called
Soul snatcher really is.
I wonder who it'll be.
[ chuckles ]
they still don't know.
[ all snickering ]
oh, my g--
Hold up!
If you're soooo much
smarter than us,
How about you tell us
who it is, before we look?
Fine.
Dr. Weitzman.
The exterminator.
What?    What?
I say it's roger.
But roger's in london.
Living out
his lifelong dream
Of playing rumpleteazer in
a west end revival of cats.
Oh, yeah...
Ha! Did none of you
notice
How it was stan
who told bullock
There was a monster
in the first place?
Stan, who was
probably the one
Using bullock's
private bathroom...
Because taco bell is
one of his ibs super-triggers.
Meaning that
it just might be...
All: Agent wolfman?!
Just as I thought.
[ cellphone chimes ]
It's stan.
He's at danuta's party.
I guess maybe we actually said
we'd just meet him there?
Um, has anybody noticed
That agent wolfman here
isn't moving?
Oh, my god.
Is this thing airtight?
No pulse.
[ all gasp ]
Oh, my god!
We killed him!
It was...
Self-defense, right?!
He was...
Pretending to be a monster!
Is that even a crime?!
Why'd you trap him
in an airtight sarcophagus?
Why'd you stop us
from opening it?
[ banging on wall ]
jackson: Hey! Open up the wall!
I need to get in there to mop!
[ all scream ]
what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna --
oh, god! We're gonna go to jail!
Francine: No, wait!
I found another
secret passageway.
All you gotta do is
[grunts]
Punch through
the drywall [grunts]
A few times.
Enngh! Enngh!
Then give it
a few good chops.
Grab that
monster costume!
Maybe everyone'll just think
the soul snatcher killed him!
[ tires squeal, engine revs ]
Klaus: Ruht-roh.
Am I right?
Steve: Not now, klaus!
I don't know what happened
to all you suckbois last night,
But you missed
a kick-ass party.
Plus, I got myself
out of work early
To get in a little
trick-or-treating.
Oh, nice!
Big-ass nerds rope.
W-we killed a man!
[ thud ]
what was that now?
You know what?
Actually, tell me later.
Gotta get to work.
I got a crazy awesome
new secret job there now.
Top secret.
Can't tell you about it.
It's called zoincs.
Super classified.
I've said too much already.
Zoincs is like the x-files,
and I'm in charge of it.
But again, I can't really
say anything about it.
Ghosts are real.
Gotta motor.
What the hell, jeff?!
I'm sorry!
I-I'm just having some
difficulty with the...
Murdering that we did.
We are all
on the hook for this.
So we all need to be able
to trust each other
To keep our mouths shut.
To be rock solid.
Show of hands --
who here is solid?
[ whimpering ]
[ dramatic music plays ]
♪♪
[ scoffs ]
Nothing but bamm-bamms.
[ vitamins rattle ]
[ music stings ]
[ screams ]
[ breathes deeply ]
♪♪
[ thunder crashes ]
Aah!
[ thud ]
♪♪
I saw him klaus,
I swear.
Agent wolfman's ghost!
Please don't say anything.
Everyone'll just think
I'm losing it.
I've got your back, bro.
You and me,
we've been through a lot.
We gotta stick together.
We've got a biiig problem
with jeff.
Probably gonna
have to kill him.
You guys!
Oh, hiiiii.
Look what just came
in the mail!
♪♪
This is impossible.
He's dead.
Well, whether it really
is agent wolfman or not,
Somebody knows
what we did.
And he's coming for us.
Also, this came from roger.
Roger's in london?
What was he doing agai--
♪♪
Great rehearsal,
everybody!
How's that scratch
lookin', osman?
Oh, I got ya
pretty good, huh?
Sorry about that.
Kinda just got lost
in the moment.
Hey, jovan, can I have
your boba tea?
I already finished
all my little balls.
[ slurps ]
[ camera shutter clicks ]
What's all this, then?
[ chuckles ]
Oh, I read
about these guys
In a review of "national
lampoon's european vacation."
They're not supposed to
ever even crack a smile.
Well, I betcha I can get
a reaction out of him.
[ zipper opens ]
Gwah-gwah-gwah-gwah-gwah.
[ all gasp, shutter clicks ]
No one can resist chuckling
At my silly little
chicken-man dance.
Gwah-gwah-gwah-gwah.
Nothing, huh?
Well, what if I...
Go for your gun?!
Deported!
Right before opening night.
This was a lifelong dream!
I'm sorry.
No pets in the cabin.
Oh, I'm not actually a cat.
You see,
until this afternoon,
I was fifth understudy
for rumpleteazer
And 16th
for grizabella in a--
Well, ain't this
a mother[bleep].
♪♪
Look what I found
in my locker.
in my locker!
At the gym.
I go to a ufc gym.
[ cellphone vibrates ]
[ beep ]
[ demonic voice ]
reveeeeeeeenge.
Aah!
[ thud ]
Who could be
doing this to us?
Maybe we could ask...
[gulps]
Him!
[ suspenseful music plays ]
[ all scream ]
♪♪
We'll be safe
in the haunted woods!
[ bats squeak ]
Wait, are we really about to
do another chase sequence?
♪ it's a sunshine
peppermint sundae world ♪
♪ whenever I'm with you, girl ♪
♪ when I think of being
with you ♪
Oooowwww...
[ all grunt ]
...Wwwowww.
[ all whimpering ]
♪♪
Klaus: Hey! Wolfie!
Yeah, I'm proficient
with gaucho weaponry.
Just one of the many facets
that makes me so complex.
It's a mask.
Then let's find out
Who this phony phantom
really is.
All: Jeff fischer?!
Surprised?
But -- what --
then who's this?
All: Old man bullock?!
"old man"?
[bleep] you!
What the hell
is going on here?
Go ahead and tell 'em,
mr. Buttock.
Explanation time!
I, the spitting image
of henry cavill,
Was behind it all
the whole time.
I planted clues
to make stan think
The soul snatcher was about.
I posed as agent wolfman
to keep tabs on zoincs
And make sure
they didn't figure it all out.
Then, when I saw stan's
little phony seance act
The night of Halloween,
I decided
it was the perfect time
To don my soul snatcher costume
And really put the scare
in everyone.
But why?
To keep people
out of my crapper!
But when I saw
how you all treated poor jeff,
I sympathized.
♪♪
So I approached jeff
with a proposition --
To take over the role
of agent wolfman
And show you all he is capable
of defying your expectations.
Wow.
That's...Convoluted.
How did you make it
so you didn't have a pulse?
Wim hof method!
Well, my work here is done.
So I am just
going to go ahead
And walk deeper
into the woods now.
You know, maybe we have
always thought of you
As just a stoner
and a fish who says "bro,"
But you two
are full of surprises.
Thanks.
Now let's go home
and smoke some weed.
Sounds good to me, bro.
Bye! Have a beautiful time!